
1. 美洲狮是一种体形似猫的大动物，产于美洲。  
   Pumas are large, cat-like animals which are found in America.

2. 当伦敦动物园接到报告说，在伦敦以南45英里处发现一只美洲狮时，这些报告并没有受到重视。  
   When reports came into London Zoo that a wild puma had been spotted forty-five miles south of London, they were not taken seriously.

3. 可是，随着证据越来越多，动物园的专家们感到有必要进行一番调查。  
   However, as the evidence began to accumulate, experts from the Zoo felt obliged to investigate.

4. 因为凡是声称见到过美洲狮的人们所描述的情况竟是出奇地相似。  
   For the descriptions given by people who claimed to have seen the puma were extraordinarily similar.

5. 搜寻美洲狮的工作是从一座小村庄开始的。  
   The hunt for the puma began in a small village.

6. 那里的一位妇女在采摘黑莓时看见“一只大猫”，离她仅5码远。  
   A woman picking blackberries saw 'a large cat' only five yards away from her.

7. 她刚看见它，它就立刻逃走了。  
   It immediately ran away when she saw it.

8. 专家证实，美洲狮非被逼得走投无路，是决不会伤人的。  
   Experts confirmed that a puma will not attack a human being unless it is cornered.

9. 实际上搜寻工作很困难，因为常常是早晨在甲地发现那只美洲狮，晚上却在20英里外的乙地发现它的踪迹。  
   The search proved difficult, for the puma was often observed at one place in the morning and at another place twenty miles away in the evening.

10. 无论它走哪儿，一路上总会留下一串死鹿及死兔子之类的小动物。  
    Wherever it went, it left behind it a trail of dead deer and small animals like rabbits.

11. 在许多地方看见爪印，灌木丛中发现了粘在上面的美洲狮毛。  
    Paw prints were seen in a number of places and puma fur was found clinging to bushes.

12. 有人抱怨说夜里听见“像猫一样的叫声”。  
    Several people complained of 'cat-like noises' at night.

13. 一位商人去钓鱼时看见那只美洲狮在树上。  
    A businessman on a fishing trip saw the puma up a tree.

14. 专家们如今已经完全肯定那只动物就是美洲狮。  
    The experts were now fully convinced that the animal was a puma.

15. 但它是从哪儿来的呢?  
    But where had it come from?

16. 由于全国动物园没有一家报告丢了美洲狮，因此那只美洲狮一定是某位私人收藏豢养的。  
    As no pumas had been reported missing from any zoo in the country, this one must have been in the possession of a private collector.

17. 不知怎么设法逃出来了。  
    And somehow managed to escape.

18. 搜寻工作进行了好几个星期，但始终未能逮住那只美洲狮。  
    The hunt went on for several weeks, but the puma was not caught.

19. 想到在宁静的乡村里有一头危险的野兽继续逍遥流窜，真令人担心。  
    It is disturbing to think that a dangerous wild animal is still at large in the quiet countryside.